blessed is he whose transgression is
blessed is he whose transgression is forgiven whose sin is covered blessed is
forgiven whose sin is covered blessed is
forgiven whose sin is covered blessed is the man to whom the Lord does not impute
the man to whom the Lord does not impute
the man to whom the Lord does not impute iniquity and in whose spirit there is no
iniquity and in whose spirit there is no
iniquity and in whose spirit there is no deceit when I kept silent my bones grew
deceit when I kept silent my bones grew
deceit when I kept silent my bones grew old through my groaning all the day long
old through my groaning all the day long
old through my groaning all the day long for day and night your hand was heavy
for day and night your hand was heavy
for day and night your hand was heavy upon me my vitality was turned into the
upon me my vitality was turned into the
upon me my vitality was turned into the drought of summer I acknowledged my sin
drought of summer I acknowledged my sin
drought of summer I acknowledged my sin to you and my iniquity I have not hidden
to you and my iniquity I have not hidden
to you and my iniquity I have not hidden I said I will confess my transgressions
I said I will confess my transgressions
I said I will confess my transgressions to the Lord and you forgave the iniquity
to the Lord and you forgave the iniquity
to the Lord and you forgave the iniquity of my sin for this cause everyone who is
of my sin for this cause everyone who is
of my sin for this cause everyone who is godly shall pray to you in a time when
godly shall pray to you in a time when
godly shall pray to you in a time when you may be found surely in a flood of
you may be found surely in a flood of
you may be found surely in a flood of Great Waters they shall not come near
Great Waters they shall not come near
Great Waters they shall not come near him you are my hiding place you shall
him you are my hiding place you shall
him you are my hiding place you shall preserve me from trouble you shall
preserve me from trouble you shall
preserve me from trouble you shall surround me with songs of deliverance I
surround me with songs of deliverance I
surround me with songs of deliverance I will instruct you and teach you in the
will instruct you and teach you in the
will instruct you and teach you in the way you should go I will guide you with
way you should go I will guide you with
way you should go I will guide you with my I do not be like the horse or like
my I do not be like the horse or like
my I do not be like the horse or like the mule which have no understanding
the mule which have no understanding
the mule which have no understanding which must be harnessed with bit and
which must be harnessed with bit and
which must be harnessed with bit and bridle else they will not come near you
bridle else they will not come near you
bridle else they will not come near you many sorrows shall be to the wicked but
many sorrows shall be to the wicked but
many sorrows shall be to the wicked but he who trusts in the Lord mercy shall
he who trusts in the Lord mercy shall
he who trusts in the Lord mercy shall surround him be glad in the Lord and
surround him be glad in the Lord and
surround him be glad in the Lord and rejoice you righteous and shout for joy
rejoice you righteous and shout for joy
rejoice you righteous and shout for joy all you upright in heart
all you upright in heart
all you upright in heart [Music]